{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 This isn\'92t a deck. It\'92s just a place to jot down some thoughts so we don\'92t forget it.\
========================================================================\
General Thoughts:\
\
I\'92m thinking the basic towers that we made at the very beginning should have an ability. I\'92m thinking they\'92ll have the \'93Once per game, here is some small thing\'94 and then the next level up will have more of a \'93Once per turn, here is another small thing\'94 but it\'92s once per turn. The more advance stuff will have triggered and static abilities that really harness a hero\'92s plan. \
[APPROVED]\
\
I\'92m also thinking Hero\'92s abilities should be improved for multiplayer gameplay. So maybe each Hero\'92s ability will always reference the number of players. This way it scales accordingly. \
[APPROVED]\
\
Another option for heroes in general is a weaker ability with 5 cards per turn or a stronger ability with 3 cards per turn. \
[APPROVED]\
========================================================================\
CARDS:\
\
1)\
Made by Andy <DEFENSE TOWER for any basic hero>\
Cannot gain Armor\
Power : 1\
Armor : 120\
Whenever a minion you control takes damage, deal that much damage to ~ instead. \
COMMENTS:Approved, but we\'92ll figure out where to actually put these towers later.\
(I say change the turret to 140 armor and then it sounds good. I think 120 is too low.)\
We can try 140. The number here is always available for change. \
\
\
2)\
Made by Andy <POWER TOWER for any basic hero>\
Power: 5\
Armor: 20\
When defending, if no monsters enter the same zone as ~, then ~ deals its damage to target monster who did not attack.Cannot target minions with summoning sickness\
COMMENTS:Approved, but we\'92ll figure out where to actually put these towers later.\
\
3)\
Made by Andy <MINION>\
Power: 0\
Health: 3\
Whenever any player\'92s minion dies, ~ gains +1 attack.\
COMMENTS:Only here for ideas \
\
28) *Will be referenced as Hero 28\
Made by Andy <HERO> \
M0 U2 C2\
Once per turn, you may summon X 2/2 minions, where X is the number of players in the game.\
WINCON: Not sure. Her ability makes up for the M0, so I could see Last Man Standing. She technically has MX U2 C2, but her minions are weak compared to ACTUAL minions from the deck.  \
\
COMMENTS: Approved.\
The minion limit only applies to minions played from your hand during your Play Phase, so this ability can bypass the minion limit. Her towers could reference tokens, Curse / Upgrade triggers, or STAX effects that limit an opponent\'92s monsters attack, or something to help protect her towers. Keeping her here for reference to come back and see if there is a better win con than LMS. \
\
========================================================================\
\
How to keep track of Tower\'92s power, health, and armor:\
We have a few options. \
OPTION 1) The image I sent you. I\'92ll add it to the Github repo later.\
OPTION 2) Each player has a game Board with the dials and the tower tiles are smaller with just name, type, image and ability. I think this option can work better than having each tile with dials on them. The tiles will now have a default value just printed on them, and the game board will have the dials.\
}
\
\
Rules text for minion 27: After the player with 27 in play is attacked, when both players are placing intiative markers, the defending player may place an initiative marker on 27.Any damage dealt to the zone with 27 in it is dealt to 27 first while extra damage is dealt to the tower. All minions that attacked this zone take additional damage equal to 27's power. Calculate damage as normal.
MAKE SURE TO ADD IN BALANCE CARDS FOR CURSE AND UPGRADE FOR EVENING OUT THE CARDS THAT TARGET SPECIFIC TOWERS.
